c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe.config
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\SplashScreen.dll
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Form1.resources
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Login.resources
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AccountOpening.resources
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Camera.resources
C:\Users\Emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CheckBalance.resources
C:\Users\Emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CashManagement.resources
C:\Users\Emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Emeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Transfers.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe.config
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\SplashScreen.dll
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AccountOpening.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Camera.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CheckBalance.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Deposit.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Form1.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.LoanApplication.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Login.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Transfers.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Withdrawal.resources
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
C:\Users\EMI\Desktop\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\SplashScreen.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe.config
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AccountOpening.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminArea.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminDashboard.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Camera.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CheckBalance.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Deposit.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Form1.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.BalanceSheet.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.IDManagement.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Infoform.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Login.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.ManageUsers.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.OtherBankTransfers.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Password.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Transfers.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.UserLoginReports.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Withdrawal.resources
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
H:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe.config
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\SplashScreen.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AccountOpening.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminArea.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminDashboard.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Camera.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CheckBalance.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Deposit.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Form1.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.BalanceSheet.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.IDManagement.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Infoform.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Login.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.ManageUsers.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.OtherBankTransfers.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Password.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Transfers.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.UserLoginReports.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Withdrawal.resources
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe.config
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\SplashScreen.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AccountOpening.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminArea.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.AdminDashboard.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Camera.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.CheckBalance.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Deposit.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Form1.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.BalanceSheet.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.IDManagement.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Infoform.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Login.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.ManageUsers.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.OtherBankTransfers.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Password.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Transfers.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.UserLoginReports.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.Withdrawal.resources
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.exe
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.pdb
F:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\updated_banksoft\FinancePlus\FinancePlus\obj\Debug\FinancePlus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
